---
layout: post
title: Day 3 of the experiment
---

The physical heat is over, some work-related heat is on now. Also the standup part needs to be shifted from yesterday/today to today/tomorrow due to the timing of me making these posts.

<!--more-->

## Evening stand-up part

### What did I do today?

Tuned the jekyll setup a bit, found the way to do post excerpt and enable tags. Still not sure if it's time for tags yet, will check on the 21st day at the experiment finish.

Planned data pushing for the experimental ML model is done, numbers checking remains.

As for fairseq:
* `Simpsons did it` for my idea about dvc, there's already someone to integrate one into another [here](https://dagshub.com/Guy/fairseq).
  * I also didn't know about dagshub before, now I do. Not sure if using S3+git is just simpler, still I'm curious if the concept of a dedicated dvc repository is better.
* Quickly hacked together a simplistic seq2seq model for fairseq, trying to sort out the best git workflow for it considering how hardwired fairseq is to the folder structures.

Also I started with my scientific paper backlog, rereading classical [seq2seq by Sutskever et al. (2014)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1409.3215) paper, more for refreshing and occasional note taking, next one will be the [Bahdanau attention](https://arxiv.org/abs/1409.0473). Let's see if I manage to wrap up the reading and some toying with the code by the end of the week.

### What do I plan to do tomorrow?

* Finish the seq2seq paper reading
* Scrap my own code where I tried to reproduce it and get it to some final point which gives numbers. That'll be just another piece of seq2seq code on the internet, nothing special there :)

### What blocks me from doing what was planned?

Some tax paperwork needs to be done, boring, but necessary.

