---
layout: post
title: Day 2 of the experiment
---

## Some ranting to start with

* It's bloody hot here, +36 atm where I am (specific coordinates of this point of nowhere: 50.379, 8.087) and no sign of even a smallest cloud on a horizon. The car I'm in, Chevy G20, is a cute 20+ years old van I like a lot, except the part of absence of air conditioning. 4 more hours to go, let's hope I won't become a bratwürst when arriving to Munich.
* The reason for me to be in this car is the way of UberX drivers of Cologne to accept any taxi requests and then after about 10-15 minutes ask the client to cancel the order. Once would make me think it's a random thing, but three in a row? Lesson learned, it's better to spend some hours in the airport.
* Also had about 2 hours of sleep today. 
* Still, the Muse show in Cologne and meeting with a good friend overweigh the bad parts.

## Daily stand-up part

Cannot really stand up while being in a cute van.

### What did I do yesterday?

Do you see that link in the upper right corner here? Yup, the [CV](/cv). Freshly rewritten with some buzzwordy sentences and rethinking of the importance of things I did before.

Also did a bit of toying with fairseq. It fits pretty well into the concept of tracking experiments with git. Will create a [dvc-based](https://dvc.org) PoC soon.

### What do I plan to do today?

* Survive the heat 
* Get some shower
* Sleep until my cat starts asking for more attention. Like 10 minutes. Then sleep again.

Also something meaningful for tomorrow:

* More data pushing for a soon-to-be-released ML model.
* Sort out the scientific reading backlog. Need to bring ~100 randomly gathered items there to something really reasonable and doable in a month like 10 pieces.

### What blocks me from doing what was planned?

Heat, UberX and lack of sleep.

